README.md, before:

# Pollen8 fullstack challenge

The purpose of this coding challenge is to test a candidate's ability to write concise, correct, elegant, robust, and efficient code carrying out the duties of a Full Stack Developer.

The challenge is to create a live document that can be edited by two or more users at the same time. Think Google Docs but with less of the text editing functionality - although don't let this disourage you from getting creative with it!

You are free to pull in whatever dependencies you feel are relevant to achieve the specified features.

## Technologies

- Node.js
- Express.js, or any other major web framework (Fastify, Hapi, Restify, etc.)
- Frontend framework of your choosing (preferably Vue.js or React)
- JavaScript ES6+
- GIT, GitHub workflows
- Docker
- PostgreSQL
- WebSockets

## Acceptance criteria

These are the things that the application must do.

- Ability to create a new document.
- The creator must be able to set an invite code to allow other users to access the document.
- A notification that a new user has entered the document.
- Some UI showing who is currently in the document.
- The document must autosave a user's changes after input.
- A way to mitigate users overwriting each others changes.

Additional requirements:
- Examples of how you would write tests for the app. You don’t need to have tests written for the entire app; a single component and a backend controller fully tested to show a solid understanding of how to write good quality tests will suffice.
- Documentation on how to setup and run the application.

## Extra credit

Not required but would be great to see:
- The application integrated into a CI system that builds a docker image of the application. We use GitHub Actions, but feel free to use any tool you are familiar with.

## UI/UX

Although the primary function of this technical test is to assess your API design and JavaScript skills, some credit will be awarded for layout and design principles applied. Feel free to use a UI library to make designing a responsive SPA easier; at Pollen8 we use Vuetify for an internal admin interface for instance.

## From the devs at Pollen8

Hopefully you'll enjoy crafting this project, as we will enjoy reviewing it! We look forward to seeing what you come up with, and maybe some time soon, working with you.

Good luck!

Commit message:

Move some acceptance criteria to nice to haves

README.md, after:

# Pollen8 fullstack challenge

The purpose of this coding challenge is to test a candidate's ability to write concise, correct, elegant, robust, and efficient code carrying out the duties of a Full Stack Developer.

The challenge is to create a live document that can be edited by two or more users at the same time. Think Google Docs but with less of the text editing functionality - although don't let this disourage you from getting creative with it!

You are free to pull in whatever dependencies you feel are relevant to achieve the specified features.

## Technologies

- Node.js
- Express.js, or any other major web framework (Fastify, Hapi, Restify, etc.)
- Frontend framework of your choosing (preferably Vue.js or React)
- JavaScript ES6+
- GIT, GitHub workflows
- Docker
- PostgreSQL
- WebSockets

## Acceptance criteria

These are the things that the application must do:
- A document that can be edited by multiple users at the same time.
- The document must autosave a user's changes after input.
- A way to mitigate users overwriting each others changes.

Nice to haves:
- Ability to create a new document.
- The creator can set an invite code to allow other users to access the document.
- A notification that a new user has entered the document.
- Some UI showing who is currently in the document.

Additional requirements:
- Examples of how you would write tests for the app. You don’t need to have tests written for the entire app; a single component and a backend controller fully tested to show a solid understanding of how to write good quality tests will suffice.
- Documentation on how to setup and run the application.

## Extra credit

Not required but would be great to see:
- The application integrated into a CI system that builds a docker image of the application. We use GitHub Actions, but feel free to use any tool you are familiar with.

## UI/UX

Although the primary function of this technical test is to assess your API design and JavaScript skills, some credit will be awarded for layout and design principles applied. Feel free to use a UI library to make designing a responsive SPA easier; at Pollen8 we use Vuetify for an internal admin interface for instance.

## From the devs at Pollen8

Hopefully you'll enjoy crafting this project, as we will enjoy reviewing it! We look forward to seeing what you come up with, and maybe some time soon, working with you.

Good luck!
